############################################
#
# Code owners, used to identify good reviewers for files,
# not required reviewers. For the purposes of pre-update
# reviews.
#
############################################

plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/abilities/shaman/* @dmdinnc
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/classes/Shaman.java @dmdinnc
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/classes/MonumentaClasses.java @dmdinnc
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/commands/PlayerCommand.java @dmdinnc
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/custominventories/* @dmdinnc
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/depths/abilities/* @Nobody314159
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/abilities/scout/HuntingCompanion.java @Nobody314159
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/effects/* @Nobody314159
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/commands/CustomEffect.java @Nobody314159
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/itemstats/EffectType.java @Nobody314159
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/abilities/AbilityHotbar.java @PikaTheLeg
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/bosses/bosses/bluestrike/* @PikaTheLeg
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/bosses/spells/bluestrike/* @PikaTheLeg
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/depths/bosses/Vesperidys.java @PikaTheLeg
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/depths/bosses/vesperidys/* @PikaTheLeg
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/depths/spells/vesperidys/* @PikaTheLeg
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/bosses/bosses/sirius/* @MistHelix
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/bosses/spells/sirius/* @MistHelix
plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/market/* @rayman520
